Facebook employees have likely become accustomed to their Thursday Q&As with hoodie-clad CEO Mark Zuckerberg, but for outsiders, the events are a darkened window into the ubiquitous company.

Those windows opened on Thursday for Zuckerberg's first-ever public Q&A, and users responded in droves at the chance to have their questions answered.

Zuckerberg spent a little over an hour responding to submissions, touching on everything from his not-so-interesting wardrobe choices to his thoughts on 'The Social Network.'

Here are some of the most interesting highlights:

» Is Facebook becoming boring or losing its charm?

"My goal was never to make Facebook cool. I'm not a cool person, and I've never really tried to be cool," Zuckerberg said, laughing along with the audience. "Our goal isn't necessarily to make it particularly exciting to use; we want to make it useful."

He went on to compare the goal of the social network to electricity and even water, saying "the ability to communicate and connect with people should be [something] that people can rely on and have, but it doesn't need to be in your face."

Read More Mark Zuckerberg donates $25 million to fight Ebola
» Why would you force us to install the messenger app?

The blunt question got Zuckerberg laughing, but he quickly got to it, admitting that requiring users to install another app is "a big ask."

"We really believe this is a better experience," he said, adding that more than 10 billion messages are sent everyday on Facebook. After the company did some research, they found that the messaging apps people used most were those that provided "dedicated, focused experiences."

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks during the Facebook F8 Developers Conference in San Francisco.
Erin Lubin | Bloomberg | Getty Images
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks during the Facebook F8 Developers Conference in San Francisco.
» How accurate was the movie 'The Social Network' compared to the real life story of Facebook's beginnings?
"I haven't thought about that movie in a while!" Zuckerberg, said chuckling. "I'd kind of blocked that one out! It was a very interesting experience to watch a movie that was supposedly about my life."

The CEO cited his beginnings as a coder, saying, "The reality is that writing code and building a product and then building a company actually is not a glamorous enough thing to make a movie about, so you can imagine that a lot of stuff they probably had to embellish and make up.

"Because if they were really making a movie, it would have been me sitting at a computer coding for two hours straight, which probably would have been not that good of a movie," he said.

But not to fear – despite Zuckerberg's own feelings about the film, he still took the whole company to see it the day of its release. And for anyone who has seen the movie, here's a news flash for you: Zuckerberg does NOT like appletinis.

Read MoreFacebook most feared tech company: Survey
» Why do you wear the same grey tee-shirt every day?

Sheryl Sandberg made an appearance during the Q&A to clear up any dirty laundry rumors, saying that yes, the CEO definitely owns and wears multiple of the same shirt.

But as for why Zuckerberg feels it necessary to wear the notorious outfit on, well, just about every occasion?

"I really want to clear my life so that I have to make as few decisions as possible, other than how to best serve this community," he said.

Zuckerberg cited psychological theories positing that making lots of small decisions - such as what you eat for breakfast or what you wear - can take up a lot of energy.